chore: Add issue template file (#826)
stackabletech/operator-rs: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release-workspace-members.md

---
name: Pre-Release Workspace Member Updates and Releases
about: This template can be used to track the updates and releases of all workspace members leading up to the next Stackable release
title: "chore: Update and release workspace members"
labels: ['epic']
assignees: ''
---

<!--
    DO NOT REMOVE THIS COMMENT. It is intended for people who might copy/paste from the previous release issue.
    This was created by an issue template: https://github.com/stackabletech/operator-rs/issues/new/choose.
-->

## Update and Release Workspace Members for Stackable Release XX.(X)X

> [!NOTE]
> During a Stackable release we update all dependencies in the `operator-rs`
> repository. After these bumps, each workspace member is released using an
> appropriate SemVer version. Later, each product operator repository can then
> use the updates crates.

Replace the items in the task lists below with the applicable Pull Requests

```[tasklist]
### Tasks

> - [ ] Update Rust version and workflow actions, see below for more details.
> - [ ] Update Rust dependencies, see below for more details.
> - [ ] Adjust crate versions
> - [ ] Lastly, add and push the appropriate tags using `.scripts/tag_and_push_release.sh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update Rust version and workflow actions, see below for more details.
- [ ] Update Rust dependencies, see below for more details.
- [ ] Adjust and then verify crate versions using `.scripts/verify_crate_versions.sh`.
- [ ] Push the release tags using `.scripts/tag_and_push_release.sh`.
```

```

### Update Rust Version and Workflow Actions

> [!NOTE]
> The PR is usually titled: `chore: Bump Rust version and workflow actions`

1. Adjust the version of the channel in the `rust-toolchain.toml` file. See
   <https://releases.rs>.
2. Adjust the version `RUST_TOOLCHAIN_VERSION` in the workflows:
     - `.github/workflows/build.yml`
     - `.github/workflows/pre_commit.yaml`
3. Add a changelog entry.
4. Update any actions (using the Git commit hash) in the workflows. Hint: Also
   make sure that the `cargo-udeps` action is up-to-date, otherwise the CI might
   report errors.

### Update Rust Dependencies

> [!NOTE]
> This PR is usually titled: `chore: Bump Rust dependencies`

1. Bump minor versions of dependencies in the `Cargo.toml` manifest.
2. Then run the `cargo update` command.
3. Fix any code which needs updating due to the dependency bumps.
4. Locally update any product operator to identify any breaking changes
   downstream.
     - Hint: Use the `[patch."https://github.com/..."]` mechanism to temporarily
       override the dependency.
5. Add a changelog entry if required.

> ### Adjust Crate Versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adjust and Verify Crate Versions
```
